CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<!-- Thought we might want to add this so people know what's what when using git for this repo !-->

# Contributing
The main branch is protected so this will help teach you about branches, pull requests and merging, it's really quite simple!

Here, you can do whatever you want in your branch!

You can start by making a branch:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83875983/179558681-91948b3b-b881-4f6f-bac4-fc4a1ff4a5ef.png)


Now you have a copy of the code! In the terminal you can switch with: `git branch <branch name>`

Your IDE should also give you warnings and instructions about merging as well.
GitHub has instructions for merging:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83875983/179559350-d659855b-2a3d-402b-b8f0-e7021f9c8fa8.png)


Just replace Asterisk-... with the bracnch you made.

Now find out that they don't work on this repo as main is protected and just end up using the button!

Now you're ready to have free reign over the repo!

Just remember to HAVE FUN!

Let's see what this becomes...

Commit message:

Added info about readme links
I'll also use this for a screenshot

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<!-- Thought we might want to add this so people know what's what when using git for this repo !-->

# Contributing
The main branch is protected so this will help teach you about branches, pull requests and merging, it's really quite simple!
EDIT: There are now some useful links in the readme for new git users.

Here, you can do whatever you want in your branch!

You can start by making a branch:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83875983/179558681-91948b3b-b881-4f6f-bac4-fc4a1ff4a5ef.png)


Now you have a copy of the code! In the terminal you can switch with: `git branch <branch name>`

Your IDE should also give you warnings and instructions about merging as well.
GitHub has instructions for merging:



![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83875983/179559350-d659855b-2a3d-402b-b8f0-e7021f9c8fa8.png)


Just replace Asterisk-... with the bracnch you made.

Now find out that they don't work on this repo as main is protected and just end up using the button!

Now you're ready to have free reign over the repo!

Just remember to HAVE FUN!

Let's see what this becomes...
